[LOC REVIEW] - EDU-17770 - Password protection in WebOps (#2631)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/docs/getting-started/webops/dashboard.mdx

### Lighthouse scores

The **Lighthouse scores** section allows you to configure store pages for Lighthouse testing. You can specify the URLs for a product listing page (PLP) and a product details page (PDP) to run automatic Lighthouse score testing during deployments, ensuring a consistent testing experience.

To set the pages you want to test with Lighthouse, follow these steps:

> 1. In the **Path for a PLP** field, enter the [category](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/what-is-a-category--6HV4Q3E2FauUoOQoiCCgCg) slug defined in the Catalog.

Reviewer: Atualizar link para não precisar de redirect.
```suggestion
1. In the **Path for a PLP** field, enter the [category](https://help.vtex.com/en/docs/tutorials/what-is-a-category) slug defined in the Catalog.
```

![password-protection](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@EDU-17770/images/password-protection-01.png)

In the **Require password for** section, you can configure the following:

| Domain type | Description | Availability |
| ----------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Default domains (\*.vtex.app)**         | Applies password protection to testing URLs that use VTEX's default `vtex.app` domain. Select this option to restrict access to internal preview environments, branch previews, and other non-public links generated during development. | ✅ Available by default. |

> | **Custom domains (for example, www.mystore.com)** | Applies password protection to your public-facing store domain configured in FastStore (for example, www.mystore.com). Select this option to temporarily restrict access to your production site or a custom staging domain during soft launches, QA, or controlled rollouts. | ⚠️ Not enabled by default. You must open a ticket with [VTEX Support](https://help.vtex.com/en/support). |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Custom domains (for example, `www.mystore.com`)** | Applies password protection to your public-facing store domain configured in FastStore (for example, `www.mystore.com`). Select this option to temporarily restrict access to your production site or a custom staging domain during soft launches, QA, or controlled rollouts. | ⚠️ Not enabled by default. You must open a ticket with [VTEX Support](https://help.vtex.com/en/support). |
```
